INTMDB-546: [Terraform] Feature Add: Shared-Tier Restore Job (#1324)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/cloud_provider_shared_tier_restore_jobs.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_shared_tier_restore_job"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-mongodbatlas-shared-tier-restore-job"
description: |-
    Provides a Cloud Backup Shared Tier Snapshot Restore Jobs Datasource.
---

# Data Source: mongodbatlas_shared_tier_restore_jobs

> `mongodbatlas_shared_tier_restore_jobs` provides Cloud Backup Snapshot Restore Jobs datasource for Shared Tier Clusters. Gets all the cloud backup snapshot restore jobs for the specified shared tier cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_shared_tier_restore_jobs` provides Cloud Backup Snapshot Restore Jobs data source for Shared Tier Clusters. Gets all the cloud backup snapshot restore jobs for the specified shared tier cluster.
```

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find `groupId` in the official documentation.

> -> **NOTE:** This datasource is only for Shared Tier Clusters (M0, M2, M5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** This data source is only for Shared Tier Clusters (M2 and M5). See [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/free-shared-limitations/) for more details on Shared Tier Cluster Limitations. 
```
